good evening 2013 in state the islands it was
the opportunity for some footballers
Cameroonians to make their mark
immense lions offers you this
evening a tobacco and better
Cameroonian performance in the
diaspora during the past year
let's start this ranking at the fifth
position speak jean marie dongou ta fac
jars at the beginning of the year he was
announced as one of the sure values ​​of
the new generation blaugrana and well
the fruits have kept the promise of
flowers
become the unavoidable holder
in the formation of barcelona b he has
won the hearts of catalonia on
classic for the first time in copa
del rey with the barça art team
opened you his goal counter
so from him the first footballer
african trained by the masia and scorer
with the first team
Moreover, in 2013, he counts a match in
European champions league of the two
selections with the pennant team the
Cameroon
kind a madiba head occupies the
fourth position in this ranking of
better performance of lions in
the diaspora in 2013 considered
currently as one of the most beautiful
French championship finds the
native of douala for his first season
in league 1
meter printing the year 2013
was marked by the rise of his club
phocean first division a cup of the
world won with the u20 of France
and a remarkable participation in their
others he entered in the league the
trifle of seven goals as splendid
as each other
at the microphone of our colleagues of TF1 he
did not exclude a probable return to
fold
even though he is proud to play with the
young generation of france in the last
news we learned that a commission
prospecting set up by the
football standardization committee
Cameroonian would have found an agreement with
the player for a participation
likely at the next world cup
in the den of lions
Indomitable
christian bekamenga this name is not you
certainly not unknown but he has
disappeared from the circulation considered
after an unsuccessful European tour
a completely finished player bekamenga has
knew how to play in 2013 the analyzes of the ends
hounds of the ball round attention hold
you quiet this is the best
scorer of league 2 on behalf of
the year 2013
the great striker of the Laval stadium has
imposed its marks in the
second division championship
french athletic physics incredible
head game and surface foxes
these are the ingredients on which
based its success since the beginning of
the past year now bekamenga
is tracked by the best clubs
europe
leave France for a ride
in the balkans here waiting for us at
players at the break is certainly but at
top of his art pierre achille webo
kouamo is intractable since his
arrival in the formation of lc
fenerbahçe current championship leader
elite turkey since the beginning of the
season where is beautiful count eight goals in
championship and 2 in cup of turkey
since his arrival he has been considered
territory you like the undersou of the public
according to the local press or and handsome
would have more than 25 million fans
only in the city of istanbul
numbers that contrast with the
dislike that Cameroonians sloping and
to his place
during the year 2013 which was
completed on a good note
the qualification for the world cup
with as a bonus a saving realization
facing Tunisia during an interview
unpublished he granted us to istanbul
with the collaboration of our colleagues
danger him central tv web we held to
thank Cameroonians who have
always believed in him
so I know her if I tell you
thank you for being here that I felt
so you put everything in there is
it's a captain our captain I
you really did not have what it took
in the cocoon I think I miss
when I see
john lackey gps it would be nice if it's
true for everything that was going on
we finish this sequence of the best
lion's perfs in the diaspora in 2013
by the top
vincent aboubakar now you can
call it the gladiator that's how
nicknamed French journalists
resident since the beginning of the
fc lorient season
aboubakar vincent knew how to make himself a
place in the big leagues he counts
to his credit in 2013
eleven achievements ali only one zlatan
ibrahimovic and edinson cavani of psg have
managed to do better
hating the tip of the fc attacked
lorient he knew how to make use of his
technique of its size and its
address in front of the goal
yet no one at the beginning of the year
was selling the skin of the old
cotton growers after his
counter-performances in valenciennes
since arriving at the orange and
black
aboubakar enjoys the trust
total of christian occupies the
selector guide him all of
the team of huge lions you
thank you for your support
unconditional
because it's thanks to your suggestions and
messages of encouragement that immense
lions could hurry all along
of the past year is thus the only
Cameroon emission monitor
performances of the lions of the notables in
the five continents so that you have
the scoop of information